Hello, welcome back to Boost Your Income
with Boostrap WordPress!
This week we're gonna code a full width
template so we can make a contact page.
Those are important, right?
Yeah.
[MUSIC]
Hey, now we need to make our full
width template for the contact page.
So that's pretty easy, straightforward.
So back to our WordPress site here.
We're gonna need to do is first create a
new page, and we're gonna call it Contact.
And just go ahead and
publish that for now, and
then we're gonna create a template
that we can choose here.
For this template, for this page.
Head back to your code editor and
create a New File and
call it page-fullwidth.php.
Open that up.
We're gonna start you off here by,
opening up a PHP script,
closing that off right here,
and then in here we need
to make sure to display
the Template Name and
that is Full-width Template.
So word press can grab that and
display it on the front end of our editor.
And then we need to get_header,
because that's important.
And then down here we need to go ahead and
get_footer.
Great, so that's the basis of our
template, and we need to just grab our,
well let's go to our static site and
grab the contact HTML.
So all I need to grab is the container,
and the information within here,
and that's it, and then go back
to full width page, paste, and
then we're just gonna do some clean up,
because we don't need all of this stuff.
So for the first part, we're going
to want to grab the feature image,
and we don't actually have
it in our mark up here.
So we need to go back to our contact here
and grab that feature image, there we go.
Make sure that feature image is
right here at the very top and
here we're just going to make
sure that this is dynamic.
We're gonna check before anything else,
php if has_post_thumbnail.
We know how to do that.
Great.
And
then we're gonna have
an else after this php, else.
We'll make sure to close that and
then open it back up again.
And we're gonna say this
is the fallback image.
We're gonna want the featured image and
we wanna be able to have a fallback image
should they decide not to
upload the featured image.
So copy this again, paste it in here.
So what we wanna do now is make this
dynamic, so we're gonna do what we did
before where we put an inline, well a
style in the section tag as an attribute.
And it's pretty straightforward, we
just need to grab the attachment URL for
the specific feature image that
was uploaded to this page.
So let's do it up here.
We're gonna get a thumbnail URL.
Now, we do that as
WordPress-get-attachment.
Sorry, not dash,
underscore WordPress_get_attachment URL.
And in here we need to get_post_thumbnail
ID in there, post ID.
And that should get us what
we need in that variable.
And then down here,
we just need to after our well,
let's just put it after our class.
Style and in the style we just have
to say, background:url.
In our strings, single strings cuz
we're already inside double strings,
php echo, and then the variable,
thumbnail_url.
And that should be it.
No repeat that's important and
then we're gonna say background
size cover and that is all.
Okay.
And then here, this is actually gonna be
the title php the_title with that php tag.
And then down here,
we're just going to leave this as is,
cuz it it's a fall back image,
except we're gonna have php the_title.
Great.
And then down here,
we just need to make this dynamic.
Pretty straight forward.
We're going to take everything outside of,
or inside of main content.
So we're gonna get rid of
everything inside of main content.
Cuz that will be dynamic,
using plug ins and such.
Except right here,
we need to be able to grab the post.
So php we're gonna set a while loop here.
And this will be while have posts.
And then this would just be the post,
we've done this many times before.
You can copy and paste it from
the other templates we've done or
feel free to hand code it with me.
This is the end of the loop.
Great.
And then in here, we need to just put the
content, cuz that's what's gonna go there.
And make sure that has an underscore.
There we go.
And that should be everything.
Let's make sure container, row, content.
And then we have our section,
close the section,
close content, close the row,
and then the container.
Save that and
let's go back and refresh this
contact page, choose the template,
forward the template, update.
And view that page and
see if it is looking like it should.
Pretty much,
we just don't have the content.
So what does the content say here?
Have any questions with the course?
Copy that.
Paste it in here.
Give it an update.
See what it looks like.
There's the text.
It's just small paragraph.
The way to fix that is
to make it a lead text.
And in WordPress, you can actually click
text and edit as HTML, right here.
So we're just going to say paragraph,
class of lead and
then close that paragraph tag, and
then you can go back to visual.
Update, refresh that contact.
And there you go.
And one quick note about
the text tab here.
It is there for
your convenience to be able to
update any certain mark up in HTML.
Sometimes HTML gets added in there by
accident, you wanna get rid of it.
Here is where you can do that.
For any editors, like your client
who maybe they don't know HTML,
try to avoid doing things that requires
them to do anything in the text editor,
the text tab, because you need
to know HTML, and you can really
break something unless you are advanced
and skilled like you my friend.
There's the Contact page.
Now, all we need to do
is add the contact form.
And we're gonna use a really cool plugin.
I'm gonna show you that
in the next lecture.